there are many tones that you can have when your leader, um, they range
from being very, very direct. Especially if you're out there, you
know, huge strong person, um, able to lead, lead the pack. Um, if that's
not the style of the style that you were brought up in as when
you were growing up, that you might want to take more of, ah, friendlier
turn a friendlier, friendlier tone. So, for instance, um, people
can come to you and you work through problems together. Um, it depends
on the type of person that you are. But in any case, everyone has
understand that you're on the same team. So with that in mind, when
they come to you, whether they know that you're gonna be stern and
strict and maybe have a few, um, strong words in there or if you're
nice and sweet and kind, uh, they have to know that you know what?
Like they're gonna give you a high five at the end of the day and say
Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am, I'll go do it